_printf
NAME
	_printf - format and print data

.SH SYNOPSIS
	_printf FORMAT [ARGUEMENTS]...
	_printf OPTIONS
- This is an ALX-SE (Software Engineering) course project. The objective of this project is to write a custom version of the printf function 
.SH DESCRIPTION
	Print ARGUMENT(s) according to the FORMAT passed or specified according to the option/format specifier.
.SH OPTIONS
.B %c
- Prints character
.br
.B %%
- Prints a percentage symbol (%)
.br
.B %d & %i
- prints an(or) integer(s)
.br
.B %b
- prints a binary, custom specifier
.br
.B %x
- prints a hexadecimal number in lower case
.br
.B %X
- Prints hexadecimal numberin upper case
.br
.B %u
- prints unsigned number
.br
.B %S
- prints a %
.br
.B %p
- prints a memory addresss
.br
.B %r
- prints string in rot13
.br
.SH The flag characters
.B #
- The value should be converted to an "alternate form". For o conversions, the first character of the output string is made zero (by prefixing a 0 if it was not zero already). For x and X conversions, a nonzero result has the string "0x" (or "0X" for X conversions) prepended to it. For a, A, e, E, f, F, g, and G conversions, the result will always contain a decimal point, even if no digits follow it (normally, a decimal point appears in the results of those conversions only if a digit follows). For g and G conversions, trailing zeros are not removed from the result as they would otherwise be. For other conversions, the result is undefined.

.br
.B 0
- The value should be zero padded. For d, i, o, u, x, X, a, A, e, E, f, F, g, and G conversions, the converted value is padded on the left with zeros rather than blanks. If the 0 and - flags both appear, the 0 flag is ignored. If a precision is given with a numeric conversion (d, i, o, u, x, and X), the 0 flag is ignored. For other conversions, the behavior is undefined.
.br

.B ' '(space)
A blank should be left before a positive number (or empty string) produced by a signed conversion.

.SH The length modifier
.B h

A following integer conversion corresponds to a short int or unsigned short int argument, or a following n conversion corresponds to a pointer to a short int argument.

.B l

(ell) A following integer conversion corresponds to a long int or unsigned long int argument, or a following n conversion corresponds to a pointer to a long int argument, or a following c conversion corresponds to a wint_t argument, or a following s conversion corresponds to a pointer to wchar_t argument.


.B 
.SH SEE ALSO
.I printf(1), asprintf(3), dprintf(3), scanf(3), setlocale(3), wcrtomb(3), wprintf(3), locale(5)
.SH BUGS
.B '-', '+', ' '(space)
flags work almost flawlessly, but still we are having issues

.SH AUTHOR
Manifest Chakalov and Mary Ishola
